docs(nuxt): Add Nuxt wizard instructions (#11984)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/troubleshooting/index.mdx

    pnpm add import-in-the-middle
    ```
  </Expandable>

  <Expandable permalink title="Nuxt: Server-side Nitro is not sending events">
    Nuxt builds the server-side Nitro application as ES Modules, which introduces limitations for server-side tracing during development.

>     Currently, trace collection is only supported when running the built application, not in development mode (`nuxt dev`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Currently, trace collection is only supported when building and running the application. Development mode (`nuxt dev`) is currently not supported.
```

>     To collect traces, build your project and run the production build output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This was already said above.
